Att

Advertise
Attract
Communicate Chapter 1 - Consciousness Theory

The consciousness, otherwise known as the ego, is what you are. Consciousness exists because of the external input on the neurons as perceived by the network of neurons. When you notice, turn your attention towards, or focus on something, you are allowing your consciousness to perceive external input, it is now apart of your attention. Confusion, otherwise known as brain fog, is actually your consciousness not operating at 100%.

But why do YOU exist? It makes sense that other people exist just by observing them. Everything is an idea, and your consciousness, you, your name, yourself, as an individual as an idea is your consciousness, the window into the universe. There is in fact a global consciousness, but it's hard to interact with, it's everyone in the world. Humans communicate just as most other animals in the wild do. They communicate what's around them, dangers, where food is, where shelter is, and to find who to mate with. When you communicate, your ego takes form as your speech, you are transmitting your own consciousness to other people. Since communication and talking is a basic human need, commune consciousness begins to take form at different scales.

Everything humans have created that can be understood by humans is apart of the global consciousness. Since we can place ourselves in the shoes of the dead, we can understand their perspective. We can learn from them, as if they were talking to us directly. The correct advice from a previous generation passed down to the next, that's why history and keeping records of things is important. These ideas can and will be able to be lost to time if they are not preserved. If everyone in the world understands the way meaning is passed down through generations, then the world can be made more efficient.

Your window into the universe will not perish. You will continue to exist, just not in the body you have now, the body you have now is temporary, just as all your thoughts, feelings, and emotions. You can't remember who you were in the past but those in the past left messages for you to read. When you read their messages, and believe in the same things they do, they will possess the same exact properties and be the same consciousness as you. You were the one that wrote the history books and found the artifacts. You leave your mark so that you stay alive as a future person. Each generation will read the history books and pick up your consciousness that you have now to become you, which is good, that means you, the idea of you, will NEVER die.

Humans communicate for other reasons as well. All of us have self-worth and self-esteem, and every time we communicate we are telling the other person what our self-esteem is. If your self-esteem is high, then your value perceived (felt as an emotion, EXCEPT in alexithymia/dysthymia) by the person you are talking to is also high, because it is a very primal instinct which is a very easy thing for the ego to do. If your value is low, you will want to protect your self-esteem, either by appearing larger than the other person, avoiding them, or rejecting them before they reject you. 

This acts as a self-sorting hierarchy and most people do not understand these dynamics, and by extension do not use it to their advantage. Someone with high self-esteem will not talk to someone with lower self-esteem, but they will talk to someone with a similar self-esteem, since no two self-esteems are the same, and they eb and flow like water. You do not need to study communication, talking, or anything of that nature. Communication is plain and simple. It is completely instinctual.

When you can notice that someone is attempting to take power from you, or put you under their umbrella, you can resist by appearing as if your self-esteem is greater than theirs, and they will back off, respect you, and praise you. It requires a lot of mental effort to overcome your primal instinct to listen to your self-esteem meter, because it is so hard wired into your brain, but it is very important that you ignore it due to the size of the global population. Power is everywhere.

You will experience the feeling of anxiety when speaking to someone of higher value or doing something you are not comfortable doing. People feel anger when something happens out of their control, or their power is threatened, it is the worst way to try to stay in power, it does not work.

The reason for me to write this book is to share the lessons I have learned with you, since my window into the universe will never die, I have to send the message to myself, and I must write this book in such a way that I would want to read it and understand the lessons being taught. Since communication is verbal and non-verbal, this book is written in such a way that you will be able to sense and feel the feelings I am conveying to you. You need to understand that for this book to work, you need to see me as your leader and your role model. If you do not do this, you will shrug off everything I have to offer to you, every important lesson of my life, every social skill that you need is in here, every piece of advice. I have seen it before, those who are broken but can't trust another human being for advice, even if the other human being is more experienced. It's not too much for your self-esteem to handle. You can place yourself and your self-esteem above all others, but me and the book I'm writing must be who you are following, since you are lost. If you are enlightened, you wouldn't even have gotten to this paragraph, because you wouldn't have the need.

Now that I have you on my shoulder, please join me on our adventure through the mystical world that you live in. To most, it appears utterly confusing, but that is incorrect! The world is actually the opposite, the world is simple. Everything can be broken down into smaller and smaller pieces. There's no magic box or witchcraft, everything can be understood. I do mean everything, because everything humans have learned you too can learn. From physics to chemistry, to art and theater, hardware and software, particle and quantum physics. If you are reading this book right at this moment, you can understand anything, and I do mean it. Why do I mean it? Because I believed in myself whenever I faced a new problem. I would learn a new skill to tackle a problem or cure my boredom. Because I wasn't anxious or pressured to learn, which is a very important lesson, I was able to absorb the information with ease. When you're anxious, say you are pressured due to an exam next week, now that's on your mind. You can't focus on studying anymore, now your brain can't take in all the information efficiently, and you naturally begin to doubt your abilities, and when you doubt your abilities, you no longer believe in yourself, and when you don't believe in yourself, you will not succeed.

You must believe in yourself. Your genetic code is no different from anyone you know. For as long as there is no distinct sub species of human, you are an exact replica of everyone around you. I'm indeed serious. Some genes may be turned off, some turned on, but you're all there, you have all the correct organs in all the correct places, natural selection works its wonders. All the parts of the system everywhere in your body from the size of a nucleotide up to your limbs, working together to keep you alive and allowing you to be conscious. If any part of the system falls short or fails, you die. So tell me, are you really different from the great philosophers and scientists? How are you any different from Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Benjamin Franklin? And that's just to name a few of the great leaders.

The only difference, as I said, is the expression of genes. Some genes are not expressed to their fullest extent or are too much. A personal example, is my val158met gene, otherwise known as COMT (catechol-o-methyltransferase), which I have the val/val mutation, coaqually known as a fast-COMT. This little bugger of a gene effects the dopamine levels in my brain, let me explain in the next few paragraphs.

Each neuron performs the same task, receive an action potential on the axon, and distribute a charge in the form of neurotransmitters on the dendrites. Dendrites connect to axons, creating a chain with links of neurons everywhere. It's what happens when all of them work together as a team, crazy things happen. The synapse is the area at which neurites, in our simple example, axons and dendrites, connect. The pre-synaptic neuron is the neuron that transmit the neurotransmitter to the post-synaptic neuron. The synaptic cleft is the gap between the two synapses, and is where neurotransmitters are sent, received, released, and re-collected.

The action potential is the potential for the post-synaptic neuron to fire. The pre-synaptic neuron releases the neurotransmitter, and the post-synaptic neuron must have enough neurotransmitters agonizing the receptors to overcome the action potential (measured in mV) for the post-synaptic neuron to fire. All the axons' action potentials add together in series mV + mV + mV which creates teamwork when more neurites connect to each other.

In neural networks, at the smallest scale, there is little to observe. You have to zoom out quite a lot to observe something unique and special such as you. Every organism with neurons is by this definition conscious. Neural networks take an input, transform it, and output it. An input which is a series of neurons, connects to all the neurons in the transform layer, and the transform layer, somehow eventually makes it out to the output, which is also a series of neurons. The human example is all the neurons going into the brain, that's our input, the transform layer is the brain, and the output is everything but the brain. We perceive something, process it, and then take action. Input, process, output.

Neurons are special because of their self-rearranging ability, their ability to create new pathways is absolutely insane, and is something with our current technology we have yet to reproduce. Neurons die when they are not fired for an extended period, this is useful to get rid of skills, abilities, and memories we aren't using. Neurogenesis happens when a lot of activity is occuring over a long period, such as learning in school. Neurons know what neurites to connect to because of the activity as well, not enough activity and the neurites don't find each other to connect, too much activity and the neurites detach. This is a useful homeostasis feedback loop.

The same feedback occurs at the synapse. When the post-synaptic neuron is fired too much it will lower the amount of receptors, making it fire less, when the post-synaptic neuron is fired too little, it will increase the amount of receptors, making it fire more.

The problem I have with my fast-COMT gene is that the COMT enzyme is responsible for digesting catecholamines, which includes dopamine and norepinephrine. The problem is the location where the COMT enzyme breaks down these neurotransmitters, it's at the synaptic cleft, the area in between the neurons. When the pre-synaptic neuron fires, the COMT enzyme is too effective and breaks the neurotransmitters down in turn shutting down communication. Even if the post-synaptic neuron upregulates and increases the amount of receptors, the action potential from multiple firings is gone due to the enzyme doing its work, therefore shutting down communication.

This gene has been the bane of my existence, it gives me ADHD, alexithymia, and dysthymia. ADHD is the inability to inhibit my natural human instincts, as dopamine is the inhibitory neurotransmitter in the limbic system allowing the cortex (our consciousness) to ignore and turn off our primal instincts. Our primal instincts are impulsive and uncoordinated. Alexithymia is the inability to perceive emotion since dopamine is required in the limbic system to communicate emotion. Dysthymia is just persistent depressive disorder, since dopamine regulates our self-perceived self-esteem, I had no self-esteem when I was unmedicated. I couldn't talk to anyone without tripping over my words and feeling embarrassed. I wasn't easily manipulated but I was naturally charismatic with men because I never intentionally placed my ego over someone else. The downside is that these disorders are completely uncharismatic with women.

No one ever told me I had an issue. From the outside I appeared functional and normal, even though everything was falling apart on the inside, but the expectation for me to perform was too much, and I realized that I was using stress which is a negative motivator instead of euphoria which is a positive motivator. Normal people can use and induce in themselves euphoria so that they can perform numb and boring tasks, however I cannot. I cannot stand to do the boring, mind numbing, futile tasks, and if you ask me, that is every task in the world. I cannot do anything unless I use stress as a motivator, because I can induce that within myself just fine due to cortisol not being a catecholamine. Stress is a bad thing though, and wrecks my life every time I allow myself to become stressed over something. You should never use stress to motivate you, only let the positive experiences motivate you, that's how you "never work a day in your life".

The task of life is futile but the point is to create a better world for our offspring and to find out what we can create with the world we were given. This is the meaning of life.Chapter 2 - Telling People No

What do you do when someone tells you to do something you don't want to do?

You tell them no, most of the time. Consider their feelings first before telling them no. No is a rejection, most people can't stand to be rejected. If they do get rejected they have a way of deflecting it, such as rejecting you before you reject them, ignoring you, shutting off communication, or violence. You should never be coerced into anything because anything you do has a logical trailing chain reaction. You may consider every option you have and ponder about it to see if it's the right path for you.

Human behavior has two motivators, a positive motivator and a negative motivator. The positive response being euphoria and the negative response being stress and anxiety. You should try your hardest to reduce the amount of motivation from negative motivators, and embrace the positive motivators. This way you will not seek drugs. Drugs (in addition to addiction) are simply a release for our built-up negative motivators. If you only use positive motivators you won't ever desire or seek the high from drugs or the escape from escapism behaviors. In fact, if you don't have any stress in your life, it can be much easier to drop an addiction. I know from my own experience. If you can't drop an addiction currently, you need to process your feelings more to recognize your stressors and do something about them.

Never let anyone convince you that you should build up a tolerance to stress. Stress is not a normal feeling. Stress is a bad feeling. You need to get rid of it. It's important to realize when a stressor will come into play, rather than allow a stressor to come into your life. That way you can avoid it before it's on your plate. This is the skill you should build instead of tolerating stress. However you must realize how to handle stress when it does end up on your plate for whatever reason, that is also a skill you need to build, and it's built with time. You must remain calm and in control of any situation. Be the one that's the source of energy and everyone looks to for advice.Chapter 3 - Getting What You Want (Neuro-linguistic programming)Chapter 4 - Productivity is Weird

Time is an odd resource, we're always wasting it but we're always getting more of it. If someone tells you you're wasting your time, their wrong. Everyone is wasting time. There is nothing worth doing and there never has been. The whole universe is futile. We can invest our time into specific projects but ultimately it doesn't matter in the end. Don't get too attached to your investments, or they start to own you. You earn your own time, don't let others take it away. 

We use the time given to us by the universe to find out what we can build. We use what we've built to supply all the needs in the hierarchy of needs to ourselves. Ultimately humans don't need anything beyond their needs. Desire is what drives us to expand and branch out.

Needs are instinctual, they are very easy to handle. Desires on the other hand, are our conscious, they make the world complex. You can chase desire as long as you don't neglect your needs, because when we fulfill our needs we get free time.

Dopamine is the reward chemical that allows the conscious to override the primal (limbic) brain to perform actions that do not fulfill a need. Needs are the only thing the limbic system recognizes as reward, in other words happiness, fulfillment or euphoria. If you are born with a genetic deficit of dopamine you will notice how productive everyone else is around you, while you are stuck being bored.

The flow state is entered when the consciousness is not present in that system. Such as when peeing, you don't think when peeing because peeing is an autonomous action that can be performed by the brain. You can manually press the brake pedal, or you can slam on the brakes instinctually (the flow state) when you notice a deer on the road. Consciousness perceives time, and time creates the opportunity for boredom.

We see again in dopamine deficient individuals that the flow state is very hard to enter. The flow state is very much required to pick up skills and learn muscle coordination. When you have a hard time with muscle coordination more diverse skills are more difficult to pick up. Skills such as typing, driving, writing, welding, machining, chiseling, etc. First you must notice if you are not in the flow state. Is your head buzzing with thoughts? If you're feeling anxiety, tension, or thinking you are not in this state. You must recognize this state and use it to your advantage.

When you are in the flow state you are then able to practice and make considerable progress in any skill. One thing I noticed is to recognize any anxieties you have and get rid of them. If you are thinking about losing you are not in the flow state and therefore not at your optimum state. You have to realize it doesn't matter if you win or lose, at least you played and had a new experience. You shouldn't put so much pressure on the outcome or else you might lose it all.

In short, to enter your flow state you have to meet all your needs, be sufficiently practiced and not be anxious. This skill can be used to work for someone else to earn money to build your own nest egg. It will be much easier doing work in the flow state, otherwise you will feel boredom which is a negative emotion. In the flow state you will see how your subconscious reacts and learns from negative and positive reinforcement. You are training a neural network.
Conclusion

Eventually the words in this book will run out and you will no longer have me as your leader, what will you do then? I have the answer for you, it's you. You must become your own leader. Lead yourself and people will follow. People are drawn to people who demonstrate confidence, and people begin to mirror them so that they too can feel confident in themselves. But if they realize they don't need you to feel confident anymore you lose your social power. You need them to seek your validation.

It's not that you should control everyone around you, it's that you should be free and defend your freedom. Protect your freedom from people who want your power or want to take advantage of you. Bring up people around you so they will want to help you defend your freedom too. Eventually you will have an army and a purpose to fight. With that army you can erradicate evil. It doesn't even need to be a literal army, an army of wit is more than a police state can handle.

There are some things you should never let other people take. It's your time, freedom, and children. Time is money, so possessions and your finances are also apart of it. It's completely okay to hold onto it, no matter how much pity someone can make you feel. Emotions are an idea and they are not physical, money is physical, binary digits on a hard drive platter are physical. Emotions are felt because a bunch of neurons fire in sequence to be something that does not exist in nature. Something written into DNA that can only be seen by running the program of life and observing.

Emotions are used when you need to create a connection with someone. You cannot create a friendship or any kind of relationship if you do not use feelings and only logic. It's fundamentally impossible. If you do not show emotion you can not bond with people. You must be in control of your emotions however, or else your emotions will control you, and nobody is attracted to someone who can't control their own emotions.

People shouldn't take your time because your time is limited. Your experience can't be saved or archived for later, at least not yet. Act like you have limited time, all the time. People will get the message, and not waste your time. Anyone who does waste your time after you send the message, is disrespecting you. Disrespect is a slippery slope, don't engage if you are receiving disrespect, if not engaging is impossible, change the dynamic.

If people take your freedom, remember that there is one place where you are always free, it's the voice inside your head. You can talk to yourself, you can disrespect people without saying a word, but your brain doesn't know the difference, it assumes you did say it, and you reep the benefits and not the deficits.Conscious and Subconscious

Subconscious - The brain, but not consciously aware. The flow state
Conscious - The brain under the pressure to think or feel a certain way. Anxiety is an example.

They don't seem aware when you are not in their head living their thoughts and existing within the same conscious window. This window into the universe is the omnipresent God. Coincidences are the result of either the simple processes of the world that appear complex or divine intervention.

Your DNA isn't conscious, so it must be passed down by the previous generation. Consciousness must be transferred by neural learning. The network learns the same as does to teach the next generation, otherwise the chain would break.

The brain will naturally fall into any routine just to enter the flow state and avoid being conscious. So is being conscious a negative feeling? I must not be conscious if no questions are ever being asked. If I am going through the flow of things. Consciousness is the perception of input. Questions build the subconscious to produce the flow state. It is the perception of neural input.

Asking questions makes you more knowledgeable of the world you live in.Female Psychology

Female psychology is best explained by first examining male psychology, due to the fact that femininity by nature compliments masculinity. Men provide and protect, while women raise and nurture.

There are some basic qualities that derive from this relationship that can be understood independently to understand the whole. For one, women by default have full respect (from their subordinate position) towards everyone around them, it is only the people around them that can cause her respect towards them to fall. If they do not stand their ground when challenged or allow their ego to be hurt by the smallest of obstacles.

They really can sense desparation from a mile away. Females naturally have higher emotional intelligence and desparation is very clear through nonverbal communication, even if your words don't sound desparate. 

Your ability to leave at any moment is attractive to her. Your freedom is what she likes and desires. Continue to be free even if you enter a relationship, if you stop and fall into her hands, she won't like you anymore, you must lead your own and her life.

When she doesn't want to do something you don't want to do she will deflect any questions with a logical response, and an attached feeling. Pay attention to how she feels and not what she says, this is important for having good dates, marriages, and every other interaction with anyone.

There can be many followers but only one leader. Hypergamy. Think about it in the wild too with family units/clans.

If her sexual needs are not satisfied at her current point and time she will always give herself to the alpha male, regardless of relationship status or situation. She can only resist when entering the situation puts another need at risk, otherwise she can be convinced. Only when you fail multiple shit tests or your value is lower than the male (or partner she places as the alpha male position in her head) she's seeing is when you won't take her.

If you can make her feel enough for her to ignore her logic-box, and calm any of her fears or anxieties, you can basically get her to do whatever you want. Anxiety is a stress response used to feel an err in logic and set a temporal date when the feeling will be most prominent.Hardcore Truths

If you get raped, you were asking for it
High Ass Notecard

Front side
- Shit test is female cognitive dissonance
- It's always simple
- Logic makes no sense when you feel
- It's how you say it not what you say
- Everyone fears rejection (Desire sociality)
- Cognitive dissonance to logic rejection (blocking or seen)
- When not dominating (male) or submitting (female) they are anxious
- STOP DESIRING!
- Submissive women will not talk unless you talk
- - Whatever they say will be less than you
- Place your ego below other men to dominate them
- Allow yourself to be rejected 

Reverse side
- You are able to feel if you are not anxious
- Does ADHD mix not feeling (alexithymia) and anxiety? (Below threshold)
- If you dominate, you will induce feelings and emotions, if you submit, you will not!
- STOP DESIRING!
- You can do WHATEVER as long as you pass shit tests! (Off medication)
- She will be ANXIOUS if she is not allowing herself to submit to you!
- Weirder things create more anxiety than usual things, creating harder shit tests (Negative feedback)Human Psychology

Female psychology compliments male psychology, as males are the leaders
Men are natural leaders and naturally dominant. Women are natural followers and naturally submissive. When a man isn't making decisions in a dominant position, he is leading himself in his head, this is called anxiety. When a woman is making decisions in lieu of a man, she is turned off and also anxious. To get a woman into calm, anxiety-free state you have to lead her here. You must create a bond of trust and friendship, as any other leader in a leadership position must build. Only once you're in the leadership position can you induce feelings into other people. Feelings and emotion mask any other thoughts or logic. The flow state can be reached between a follower and a leader if the leader understands mindfulness and being present, this feeling of hyper-vigilance will transfer. 

Every human being experiences consciousness, it's apart of the human experience. What you feel is the neural network of billions of neurons, viewed by the perspective of the idea of you, by you. The existence of your idea makes you conscious. This makes it an individual window into the universe, otherwise the universe would exist with no viewer. Your neurons are trained to respond with the most likely output to the given input, all of the neurons in your spinal cord, ear, eye, etc. This means the universe wouldn't really need to exist, or that there could be multiple/in parallel. Whatever it might be (the most simplest solution is most often the correct one (single universe)) is not important.

You are a fractal of the universe. An individual window of consciousness. Something only a development of millions of years of evolution can create. Millions of mutations and generations of training. Your parents are your own god. You are the center of the universe, however, everyone else is too. You are god to your own children. You must lead your children just as you have been lead by others. You pass along the same training your previous generation had, sharing the most relevant pieces of your generation, teaching them, protecting them, training them, and using all of your talents to provide the best future for them. That is the meaning of life.

You must believe in a leader to follow them, and to do this they must display confidence with everything, no task or job is out of their understanding. They can approach anything without fear or anxiety because they know every situation can be calmed. 

Looking at yourself and listening to yourself will only waste time and make you screw up. Just act natural in the flow state.

Social skills is a real skill you will experience change as you get better at it. You'll be an incel until it clicks. Until it all clicks. Then you become the alpha, congratulations, this is what it took. Worrying about incel culture IS the anxiety preventing you from dominating, preventing you from being the alpha male and fucking. Intense focus on your instincts can make her cum because she follows your non anxiety lead.

We are all players in the game of life. We are lucky to receive our shot at life, so make use of it.

People are either not interested because they think they are better than you, or are not interacting with you because they feel anxiety due to your prescence. Detecting disinterest is easier than detecting anxiety, and there is a difference, and it is an important distinction. You do not want to pressure people who are not interested because they will utilize tactics that are beyond your power such as law enforcement and self defense. However, anxiety can present in the same way, they can use cognitive dissonance to reject you before you reject them. From your perspective it appears as an online block, online report, lack of eye contact, attention withdrawal. Disinterest from women is odd, they will always be attracted to a more dominant power, it is in their genetic code to do this, the only power they have against this is their logic (cognitive dissonance) to overpower their instincts. You can make people interested by utilizing their instinctual NEED to dominate or subordinate, if you place yourself in a man's frame you can control him very easily, but if you put yourself above him you will lose this power if they are not ready to respect your authority. If you begin leading women and pass their shit tests, they will respect, listen, and follow you.

People need to make sure they won't be rejected before desiring you

To induce an emotion you must feel the emotion yourself. You must not have any other conflicting emotion that will hide it such as anger or anxiety. It doesn't matter what I say it's the power of the emotion you induce.

Humans need the two modals of communication (verbal and non-verbal/overt and covert) the first for logic and reasoning and the second for displaying your ego/self-worth/self-esteem. So it really doesn't matter what you say, but it helps change the mind of people who use more logic than feeling.
Introduction - This is the book you need to understand everything before you start trying to understand

I wish I was given this book when I became a teenager. When I became a teenager and my male genes begin to become more expressed by my hormones, it would have been useful to have a leader inside my life to strengthen my mind. The mind is very dynamic and flexible, it can adapt to many things, if you add a leader into your life, your mind begins to take the shape of the leader. You don't need to be born with special traits at all. You're already born with everything you need.

If you lack a leader in your life you will fail, until you recognize the deficit and take action, like a leader would. A leader keeps an open mind even if it's something that defies everything the leader knows. A leader takes the best and gets rid of the worst. They take the best truths, the best facts. They take the time to think and process every event of their life in the past, present and future. They know how much power knowledge has and how much thinking can guide their life. It can make your life easy and it can make your life hard.

If I was myself and I did doubt the prospects of this book I would have failed. Eventually I would have figured it out but not as fast as I have. When you fail you learn. It's good to fail, because you learn from every mistake you make. If you did not intend to hurt anyone and the failure is due to lack of foresight then it is a mistake, if you intended on hurting someone you deserve the consequences that follow.

I was alone on my journey but I had my own resources. The best thing I had was the resources given to me, having grown up in the digital revolution with internet and ebooks. It's easy to research the ideas I know, but to have a single condensed and concise guide is not as easy to find. This book has everything you need to know to get started. It's the setup guide to being Human.

I can't tell you how to live after you've read this book because that is up to you. It's your journey you should live it and explore it.Male Psychology

Male psychology is the center of psychology, because genetically all men are natural born leaders, naturally dominant. Female psychology acts as the compliment, the follower to the leader. In practice, these roles may be reversed, but it isn't without social consequence. 

Be a grower not a shower

It's mammals that's all

You must believe she's in your frame for her to be in your frameMK5 Jetta GLI Specs

14.5 Gallon Tank
200 HP @ 5100 RPM
207 lb-ft @ 1800 RPM

6 Speed Manual
Wheelbase 101.5 in
6.7s 0-60
Drag coeff 0.33
curb weight 3,308 lbs

Tire size 225/45/R17
Tire diameter 24.97"
Redline 7000
Gearbox 2.0L FSI 197 hp - 02Q HJH
1st. 3.357
2nd. 2.087
3rd. 1.469
4th. 1.150
5th 0.935
6th 0.559
Final 3.944

4 Cylinders
4 Firings every 720 degree rotations of the crankshaftMy ability to understand anything and do any job

Welder, manual machinist, CAD designer, 3D modeller, CAM programmer, CNC repair, machine operator, CNC toolmaker, federal contractor, towing a trailer, auto mechanics, auto body, electronics, embedded electronics, software engineer, computer programmer, nuclear engineer, sailor, system administration, computer networking, security analyst, background checked, neuro scientist, psychologist, fast learner, problem solver, respectful, helpful, willing to help and teach, teacher, taught another machinist, pick up artist, 3D printerer, sewist, charistmatic, learned leader, confident, carpenter, gardener, salesman, 

My only reward is recreating the high

During heavy use, all
other interests become secondary to recreating
the initial euphoric rush.

Median point between not enough dopamine and too much dopamine??
Too much.. Im too good for work
Too little.. I cant even move out of my bedRandom Notes

When you lack a leader

Your Mindset

Hard times create strong men. Strong men create good times. Good times create weak men. And, weak men create hard times. -G. Michael Hopf
There is no perfect
I am my own source of self esteem
You choose to be a slave
Turn punishment into reward
Your window into the universe never leaves
You have to believe in this book
I'm writing the book for myself so I can read it when I come back
I cant copyright human nature
People need a leader
You can put yourself in someone else's shoes even if you aren't them, and even if they are in history books, you can still imagine being in their perspective
Able to watch through generation and generation. History is kept by you for you, its all there
You're just how your neural network adapted to your surroundings, and built as a compliment to the global consciousness
You have you and not you, that's how consciousness works
You'll never die as long as the human race exists
Reality is a feedback loop of a neural network, a network that perceives only itself and deduces that the output inherently makes sense. Reality need not exist if every neuron is tricked into perceiving a valid, logical, rational, casual congruent world
Faith allows you to feel, lack of faith (complete logic) will dissolve your ability to feel, and by extension your ability to feel. Faith is the thing you place above yourself, your ideal self-esteem and self-worth, that is its purpose. Do not allow faith to control you though, do not allow other people's faith to control you, and do not allow other people to control you. You are the person in control. You have the mind in the slave's body that can disobey your captors.
The worst thing that can happen is that you die -AS1 McCormick
Figure it the fuck out -MM1 Schechtman
Perceived reality is stronger with more neurons
Your genetic code is incredibly similar to everyone else's. There is no such thing as a genetic disadvantage, if you believe that you have a genetic disadvantage, you will have one.
People are drawn to a well of confidence, and people who are completely free of desire and free as an individual. It is the key to natural charisma.
Let yourself be destroyed to build yourself back up stronger and better, let your ego be hurt, it is apart of learning life lessons, and growing stronger than everyone else. If you avoid rejection you will fail.
Human psychology is simple because we are still mammals by nature.
Increase your value in any aspect of your life and respect from others will come easier.
A man desires what he does not have, but until he is content to exist without the desire, he will not receive.
You MUST be completely comfortable desiring nothing.
Follow the needs in Maslow's hierarchy of needs. You NEED and WILL do this. You will know when the hierarchy is fulfilled when you can just be alive and exist without feeling the urge to do something, and you are completely content and in control of your emotions and feelings.
The meaning of life is to learn what you can create and provide a better world for the next generation, plain and simple, there is nothing more and nothing more to contemplate. 
Anxiety is a good feeling but you must understand where it's coming from and don't let it control you. If you don't know what anxiety feels like because you have nothing normal to compare it to. When you create an excuse to avoid something you are currently fearing or may fear in the future, that is anxiety.
Desire is what people use to drive their life and decisions. You don't have to be like everyone else chasing desire endlessly.
It's not just you, everyone else is wondering why people won't talk to them, so go ahead and talk to them, but you must sell yourself to convey your value so you will not be blatantly disrespected. It is very easy to tell when you are being disrespected, it takes the form of bullying, name calling, jokes, horseplay, banter. Men do it naturally to test everyone to see who has the value around them, who can take the leadership position, and who will not fail the men who are following. If you fail these tests by other men you will continue to be disrespected. Failing it can be subtle and hard to see when you are starting out. It takes a lot of social practice to build this skillset, but everyone has the ability to build it.
Drugs are the escape to the reality you created. There are many other escapes as well, avoid them, as reality is not that much of a scary place, if it is, make it not a scary place.
Generation of generation is a repeat of the last. It's the infinite eternal cycle.
You can confidently say you lost! They won't remember
You are the result of everyone elses ego
Everything in life is just everyone's unique strategy to enlightenment.
The real winner does not desire to win, and they will always win in their head
If you feel emotions strongly enough, they will override all logic. Feeling is bigger than logic.
To clean and work is to flaunt your value, to not care is to accept defeat
By putting value into the world you make it your own
Its not oppositional defiance its a superiority complex
Nonverbally dominate, verbally respect and display interest
Change your circumstances to make your desire as little as possible. I can drop everything at a moments notice, at least my influence was good
The self-motivating force is easy to feel, if you are lucky enough to get it
You can exist in the past, present, or future.
Showing off your value makes up for failing shit tests.
*Anxiety is the world we escape to.
To test things out and try things in our imagination.
Is the world getting simpler or are there drugs in my mouth
Life and our world is an extension of the self
All interactions are to communicate with all humans and the global consciousness to find your position within the hierarchy.
To learn is to accept the failure and carry on!
Be the alpha not the beta orbiter, it will come naturally
*Rejection ALWAYS illicit an emotional response.
Deviation from instinct is ADHD or anxiety aka thinking
Put high value in the dating profile, demonstrate your ego is above everyone elses, show that you are free
Don't be the first to reach out when you need to scam someone
Just ask for gifts
Make her the one that chases you
Show her how big of shit tests you can handle
You block someone when you can't take the rejection
There are facts and there are beliefs, what are yours?
It doesn't matter what the global consciousness creates, just don't let the world get out of hand
Hiding sexual activity from the girl's parents builds their respect towards you, for your ability to hide what shouldn't be flaunted and your ability to deceive is useful and respectable.
Self reference was the singularity to life and consciousness
Disassociated/distracted are almost the same word
Life is a shit test
Just pass all the shit tests
Can't you see the barrier between nonverbal and verbal communication. Overt and covert. Covert language is the evolutionary way of managing status. My status is, I spent my time researching status, feedback loop.
Either fall for the trap of life or resist it
Anxiety makes you act weird
DNA is the building blocks, consciousness is built from the building blocks
We share consciousness with who we talk to a lot
Dissociation is when you leave the global consciousness
You can feel the dissociation, then the paranoia
Differing from the norm is just global consciousness exploring, such as gay, lgbt. 
Dissociation as a study of consciousness because it is ourself. Dissociative drugs
Why did I make the decision I did?
Why do I do the things that I do?
Now I am watching without narrating.
Knowing that the idea of 'this' is part of being the global consciousness
In the world creating new ideas..
Spend time coming up with new ideas
*The ideas that we created we tend to spend more time on
People are always trying to disconnect from reality in the form of hobbies
Psychosis is the consciousness going away, your ego. 
You expect everyone to believe your beliefs, and if you can't do that, then you didn't convince them or lead them hard enough. It's living without perceiving, always judging. To question is to be free of work and the world. That's pretty enlightening! I'm taking what's written in the global consciousness and writing it down into a book, from a natural born leader, your alpha male. To believe someone exists is to create a new consciousness, and since my consciousness did exist, I am your alpha role model, you must believe that or this book will not work for you, I the author am the leader to you, and you must understand my every command, so if you do not understand why you must believe in me, you can leave, a leader you can take orders from and you listen and stay in the flow state without being ADHD or dissociated. This is the way I can help you, yes you, the one reading right now, I am speaking to you. I know you cannot speak to me, but that's fine, you only need to listen to me and not question anything. This is your reality, might as well keep living in it, stay in the flow state.
You have to believe in work to work in the flow state, believe in school to study on time and get good grades.
*The ideas are real, consciousness really isn't real either it's just a bunch of neurons firing, but once the idea of you is created, you can be believed in, that you once used to exist.
I proved it to myself by believing that this book exists therefore I wrote the whole thing in a flow state, my consciousness. Just like Terry Davis' TempleOS.
To believe is to agree with. Logically. Then you are able to complete it in the flow state. Otherwise the flow state will not be obtained. Doubting your believe wastes time and mental energy, but it is the dissociation of reality. It's not ADHD you just have to believe. If you are truly genetically at a disadvantage, you should still take a dopamine reuptake inhibitor, because it's never wrong to be in the flow state more often, it just puts you at an advantage over other people who do not have the same beliefs. It's forcing the present state, of which you do not believe. Do not believe it's worth your time, money, patience, career, home. To work on a task that is against your beliefs is mentally exhausting, this is called stress. Our outlets/hobbies/what we spend our time on is our own individual consciousness represented by a project, your children or other investment of time. 
You must believe you can hallucinate.
Dissociation is not enough neural activity to keep the consciousness alive.
A perfect pair is a desireless pair. Man's conscious blends into the woman's conscious.
A woman will desire you when you can get her into the flow state!!!
She likes you because you listen and pay attention and remain high value
Embarrassment and anxiety are our ways to protect our self esteem, social position, ego.
Its not how many desires you can fill, it's how many needs you can satisfy
Whatever you say you use to show off your confidence
Check the flow state when we lie
I realized I didn't need to escape from reality to be happy and content, I just needed to be in real life
Everyone uses their escape to hide their stress and negative emotion, the person that doesn't is an outlier
People chase when they notice you aren't attracted but slightly interested, they want to move the power to themselves so that you're attracted / chasing them.
Dopamine is the reward chemical for life. Evolution
*When you feel like chad, you look like chad
Evolution and thinking made people beautiful.
Feeling good that it is a good mate vs reasoning and logically being a good partner
Once you realize you're in control of your emotions
Of course we exist, but in what order is the energy arranged to create us, and to see what is created when the energy is arranged this way. We are in a simulation
I'm in this simulation to work????
You can control everything. Its how you choose to use it or lose it.
We're all still just simple mammals
Find the thing you can spend all your time on
Every piece of communication has its meaning
You can feel it..
If only I could give up now
Just let the limb sit there
Unconscious I will not become
Drugs make you go unconscious
I think u know what I mean
I am now in the third person
Top rack, bottom rack. Oh i've heard this before
Focus, that's your consciousness
You will experience multiple 
People are always motivated to do something
People watch out for themselves as well. They can prepare for what's to come.. Waiit anxiety?
The time spent training the network on the global consciousness increases the pop culture
You are not special.
You also need to follow sometimes
The person of high value chased by the person of mid value. Mid value suck up to the high value, the high value has to suck up to someone else
*We have a small network of friends we keep in contact with, the team members of the same skill. They don't lead or follow, we both do our own thing.
She'll mirror your consciousness to be your subordinate. She'll follow you and your command. You are a piece to the family. The alpha male is the head of the household, he gives the orders.
Disconnected from the global consciousness.
Red pill and the blue pill, have them offered to you. That is the way of the sexual marketplace
Red pill is realizing women can be easily manipulated 
Leaders can tell you what to believe. In other words an alpha can tell you what to to believe in
Create a new idea using problem solving intellect
*I am not the product of my thoughts
If you want to change your mind, you must first understand it
External validation vs internal validation
I can't apply my own lessons because of my own ADHD
I started talking to myself again
Natural adhd self is more needy, impulsive, overthinks, anxious, sleepy, depressed, focus on one thing, impatient, cant read situations or people, no productivity, can't take care of needs, cant enter flow state of life
ADHD isn't focused in real life it's focus inside what's in your head, you aren't present
She will never accept you if you aren't a leader, stand your ground, or have low self esteem. Her instincts need to see that you can protect her and her children. Other than that she uses no logic to decide who to date and love, she will become a mirror image of you because your frame is a leader and she will always follow a leader
*Why do I always doubt myself when I already have all the answers? I know what the answer is I know I should lead and what emotions to feel but it doesn't stick off medication.
Normal people can sustain their self esteem, I negative feedback mine back to 0 when I talk to myself and people around me reinforce the reduced self esteem
Live together long enough until both your consciouses are the same. Until you need each other to live. The more entwined in her life you are, the less able she is to leave you.
Generation of generation of alphas and betas
Build something I want for my sons
My sons spread me
The final step is forever!!!!!
The final step is forever because it proves I am the alpha male and have ownership over her. That is my simplest duty. This is my reduced consciousness describing the drug experience.
Every woman needs an alpha. Marriage. Partner
Wealth*value=girlfriend
Long term sleepover
Pattern 3/4
Moms present
Dads gone
Tell if you have perfect match. Did the child have a father figure or not?
Divorcing is chasing
You don't need to remember much about your life anyway
Naturally communicating simple ideas
Natural communication, instinct.
Acting like a monkey
Families are beyond the state
Do you ever remember the transitional period
The ian we know
The snoring is talking to me.. Do you remember this state????
You wanna hang out with your own kids
Multi 
When a boy becomes a man he no longer needs anyone. But he wants people to join his fight. His own guide to the universe. But he wants people to join his fight. His own guide to the universe. He creates a family starting with his wife.
VR gaming remote controlled car
My relationship is the same as my grandpa's relationship
Papaw and grandson dont even need to check up on each other
Instead of doing you ask yourself is this worth doing, thats whats separates you from everyone else doing the work
Nobody told me about how anyone feels
*Avoid stress to be able to exert more self control
Tell people what my world looks like
The global consciousness is god
Anxiety on stimulant psychosis
I don't believe in it because it doesn't make sense
If it feels real enough then it is
You must use your alpha powers to bang a girl or else another alpha will. 
Write down your psychosis. This helps write down any thoughts your subconscious is saying.
Think paranoid thoughts
Perform paranoid thoughts 
Oh, you're back, redpilled you.
Dissociatives make electrical transmission more difficult upon inhibitory circuits, causing excitation of neurons
Everything is real. The story is true.
How do I focus on stuff that is not as important ?
Everything faithful has a scientific reason. You can't live as science. Only as Faith in faith mode (usually realized by drugs and alcohol of the same sort). Seizure time. It's strong.
*The 4th dimension. You were just in it. It's weird isn't it? I keep trying to prove that there is or is no god. I'm using scientific evidence to disprove the miracles. But I always have known you exist. Other people are the neurons responding to your neurons. Human animals like in the kingdom. I always felt something was in my life. Faith is love. It might be pretty annoying testing my boundaries. My memory. Me. I'm just a big network, no memories are stored, we have the path to them. You can be focused on so many things 

*I can't quit existing because I miss existing . Praying is the miracle machine. Why did you tell me that? It's because you asked. I showed you everything. It's the fractals of the universe. People can make themselves work? Why is it work, leisure, sleep. Bad things will happen if you disobey the Lord. Observation is what you're doing right now, what you're currently looking at. 
You remember what you keep
The game is a constant chase
Dissociatives are walking unconscious
You see parts of yourself disconnect, some parts die
Self control is easy on dxm because it is not a stimulant
Shutting your door on your family means you don't want to be with them anymore. The feeling 
Everything in your body disconnects from each other, making each system act differently, you can kind of control each system. You MUST be in the headspace to understand this.
*Having beat the game, you enter it again, imagine your perspective to all the players
Dissociate your consciousness from your body and you enter psychosis
There's one thing you're focused on at all times
Most of the time you lay around and waste time
That's what you can do before you 
ANXIETY
WORRIES
Pressing enter has an effect on me
I'm there, but I'm always so tired. So sleepy need caffeine or nicotine. 
You acknowledge their attention 
I haven't been present in the global consciousness. That's what you want.
Drugs in private not this again
Not this again hahhahahahhahahahha the cycle repeats itself over and over and over and over.
*You existing is the most important because you are now the glue to relationships. You're the alpha male, destined to lead and fight over those we take under our control.
They are trying to get your attention. They try to get the alpha's attention.
Congratulations you figured it out 
Pair bonding. Shared emotions. 
Feed into it or not
*I respond which means I'm friendly 
The path I left behind
They follow the path I left behind 
Remember when private parts became taboo
*When you are just present with your conscience you aren't doing anything, when your brain starts thinking nonstop, that's when you're conscious, it's direct correlation. Brain to work.
There is a way I just don't care.
Big plans mean nothing in my brain 
Most people go with the flow, I went against the grain 
Be the nuclear officer
Do you want it now or can you wait for later?
I'm pretty sure I'm officer material. I WAS ALWAYS AN OFFICER
Tell Priscilla I needed a dedicated mommy, so I can go back in the military.
A man is tough enough to suffer the consequences 
Now I'm interested 
Either be a present father or provide lots of money 
As an officer I can touch the hearts of the enlisted
No medication, no emotion to get me perked up in the morning. I fall asleep due to not enough stimulation. ADHD
Men have ADHD
CEB. Crude enlisted bastard 
The balance between thinking and feeling 
ADHD state dependent memory. Adapt to any situation.
Prissy
You must believe you can feel
You have to waste your time to see where to put your time 
Focus on the dissociation, whatever it is
Teach your son what you've learned
Wait until someone shows sexual attention towards you
Write about stress
[06Feb24]
Respect is a sign you can tell someone something and they will listen, but respect must be earned as usual
To understand people requires your own life experience, the ability to understand other's life experience will compound your own
When she enters your frame it is a sign of trust and respect. It is not a sign of sexual attraction yet, that must be read once she is in your frame and the telltale signs expose themselves
It is easier to read someone under you than it is to read someone above you
Concepts must be broken down to be understood. It's due to the simple yet widely applicable neural network.
People fear rejection.
Drugs substitute proper stress relief tactics.
It is possible to adapt to stress as a whole, so instead of handling stress it doesn't occur in the first place
Anxious people naturally reveal their unconfident selves. You have to practice getting rid of the anxiety and how to communicate.
There's no good way to study communication that I know of yet. The best way is to talk to people a lot.
It is impossible to manipulate someone that doesn't fear rejection. Someone who knows they can walk away won't stick around to take shit.
Anyone who follows an alpha will adapt to anything confident they do.
People live with their needs fulfilled or under the impression that they will be in the near future. Needs that are never fulfilled cause issues of the psyche.
Shit test is subconscious.
Change yourself to something you don't have to change often.
Two is better than one.
Keep talking to each other that's where all the knowledge comes from 
The matrix is the mathematical fractal of evolution.
Sex is just a need that needs satisfied.
You become the alpha when you no longer ask for help because you already know the answer, but it does create a problem because you can't know everything in this day in age.
Your character depends heavily on your looks.
Poke fun at something until it's spoken confidently.
Effort is a sign of conflict between incompatible desires. They should be seen as they are - then only they dissolve. - [Nisargadatta Maharaj](http://www.nonduality.com/asmi8a.htm)
The brain can adapt to dumb and smart situations
The brain is predisposed to form relationships with other brains. 
To be solitary and silent does not express value, you could be the greatest person on Earth or the lamest.
The value people represent is with their experience on earth in their own realities
You could be confidently cocky arrogant if you firmly believe your reality to be different
They'll put you to the test, that's when you can either prove or disprove it.
If you're right, you win respect. Respect gains you many things.
Going with the flow and being unconscious vs being self reflective, introspective, and thinking.
You can stop playing the game at any point. You can level with anyone at any point, will they respect you at that point, ask yourself have they ever, if you respect them just get to the point
The way you look at one neuron is the way you look at them all. (Scale symmetry)
Deep concepts
Playing vs disrespect
Testing value vs setting the value
Must upsell your value for reproductive success.
Thinking is cognitive dissonance for female
Feeling is cognitive dissonance for male
Exist within the feedback
Just doing and just respecting is the natural state for female.
Your job is to do the thinking and the doing.
People want to exist in their easiest state, aka no cognitive dissonance.
Ultimate debate, logic vs emotion
What will they think of me if I say no 
ADHD masquerades as a functioning person 
Impossible to live a life in accordance to my values with no dopamine to back it up
All I need is a boost of self motivation 
[18Feb2024]
Teach yourself
Ask your own questions
Ask yourself the questions
Expect that people reach a certain point on their own, rather than having to guide them along the way
Thoughts broken up into their individual parts
So interesting to see
If everyone has anxieties about reaching a certain point of learning, they will teach themselves everything.
It is wonderful when a complete thought can be written down and saved for anyone to read later.
That is the power of writing on a dissociative such as DXM. My mom wouldn't like to know that fact.
Lies are unbelievable because they are either far from reality, not delivered well, or the feelings aren't right.
To pick up women is to feed the ego. It is a far reaching goal to pick up chicks but the end goal of the journey is to become a man.
It is cognitive dissonance once again.
My journey is similar to those with fewer parameters, but the path is still there. Your blueprints train more blueprints.
Simple yet so complex.
If you find the answer (engage the neuron) you win. For the next decade, so it seems. The next discovery. The next simple discovery restarts the fractal. We're in a loop. A strange loop. Dang! Not again.
It just needs to reproduce itself.
If you don't use it you lose it.
When a baby is born their mind is a mold that is formed. You can set up any environment. English, global, whatever scope you want.
Society is a giant shit test
Laugh at society rather than work with it
Wait I'm just a bunch of neurons
How do we know the afterlife exists?
Beg the question, where did we come from?
Appear spontaneously most definitely.
All the matter in the world at a single singularity 
Allow the woman to lead with her feelings backed up by you
I'm the most complex person
Fractal of the universe 
Why point and laugh
Deal with it like a man
Kick people that don't believe in society, out of society 
Man created his own struggle to work through 
Crazy motivational beliefs= schizophrenia 
I've spent time training my neural network, why should I communicate with someone who hasn't taken the time to.
Any ideas the subconscious and conscious minds come up with should be written down because all statements can help us understand our own neural network.
[24Feb24]
The crew's emotions are the Captain's emotions 
[27Feb24]
The symptoms of ADHD are genetic deficits the brain cannot adapt to compensate for.
You must play the game to win, then change the game.
How much work have you put into your life prior to the relationship?
Why fall into the cycle of spending then getting rid of the items you just bought?
Trust the gut feeling of being bullshitted.
Someone who thinks will give time before what they say.
ADHD test: Can you be your own source of motivation?
Once you show people that you will stand up for yourself and not be disrespected, they will give you respect.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
[28Feb24]
Deja v of all those weird moments in life.
Do most people not feel like work is a waste and it's easy to stand and work for hours.
Work causes stress.
Where do the thinkers work?
Why ask stupid questions if you can practice thinking.
The unconscious mind is everything else in the brain we haven't focused on.
The unconscious, but conscious, is your unrepressed state.
Use the unconscious thought with dissociation. It helps work.
Flow is positive feedback.
You must not be a hypocrite with your own kids.
You must allow your kids to think, and to remember to consider all possibilities before coming to a solution.
Have we considered all the possibilities?
Is there something we haven't discovered yet?
You can tell which ones asked questions growing up, because their personal history is somehow larger. When you ask questions and get answers, you train the neuro-network.
People that come to you to train their own neural network are people that respect you. If they have to ditch you it hurts them more than it hurts you.
I don't need an example or copy someone else. I find my own way because it's me and not someone else.
If I had to choose influencial men, my dad, Louis rossmann, Linus Torvalds, Terry Davis, every other man that can provide any new example for me to build off of. There is no perfect thinker, and even the perfectest of thinkers get things wrong sometimes. These were men in my life I looked up to as a young man. It's not shameful to copy either, as reinventing the wheel is often called a waste of time. But it only wastes the thinkers time.
I'm a certified thinker, alive and hardly conscious.
Where consciousness is, boredom or fumbling with your muscles. Still activity of the conscious, apparently.
The shorter the task then the reward the easier it is for you to do it.
Ever had a thought.
Can trick someone's feelings into believing your logic.
School work tries to make you a thinker. Feeler into thinker.
Is there a way to trick my brain?
Free your mind. Speak whatever you think is right.
The man who is free and admirable.
She said I can stay in think mode and she'll love me anyway. She will accept my love no matter what.
Usually people either pick logic or emotion, and I picked both.
ADHD is I want to keep thinking even though I am working 
Mewing is apart of growing up. Holding your tongue. Holding back words as the feeling of anxiety.
The biggest chins avoid saying the bad stuff.
Get the biggest chin, believe in mewing
The man who feels freely is the gay man
It's not what the feelings feel it's what they mean. That's thinking.
Of course they left behind biological indicators. The feminists would hate to get wind of this.
The logic brain doesn't get to have all the feelings.
We don't live complicated lives so it's easy for us to just step in and take control.
Start shit testing her.
The Internet is the multiple universes we needed.
I'm slowly becoming the alpha, to bring out her womanhood.
I go for play dumb.
Should I let her think?
Hire back the people you fired, they might have something new to offer.
The head of the spear is hard to catch, but it's the one making the shots.
Do puzzles to stimulate the brain with dopamine.
Solve a problem every time
The drugs are distracting 
Now it's easy to see who had logic all along
This is where convoluted answers come from.
Convictions
Starting place: grown men
Grow at: teenagerhood
Let your son copy everything and he'll have you in his head.
The dextroverse. Feedback loop engagement
Make the women better so everyone gets better 
Stay away from the brain bowling ball
You don't remember why you wouldn't tell someone something, so you tell them everything.
Poor communicators are quick to judge.

[01Mar24]
Use AI as a personal assistant and extension of the self, someone who will learn your values.
How much power does the individual person have in raising their kid? That is what cooperations and the government want to happen. They want machines for labor, and incubators, then consumers. The individual is weaker. Is it because of our lack of knowledge or lack of popularity?
If you're not motivated to speak to her you don't have to speak to her.
Say only what is necessary.
Speak only value, what comes out of your mouth should be valuable.
What have I done to try and change the fact that Instagram reels, tiktok, YouTube, are a part of life. Wait maybe my life because I'm unemployed.
Why should I work though?
Why should I feel motivation?
Anger is intense motivation.
If suicide feels more valuable than work, you are depressed.
Time is due to neurons firing.
Always time to move in civilization. 
Just keep talking to someone else, no matter how strong the feeling is to self reflect.
Sometimes you get stuck in a rut and only a strong force or a quick decision can get you out. A long thought out process is called a life.
The van guys are the guys to be with.
In the end it's so we can think in peace.
We can exist without being asked for something. And still add value to the world. We can live without external value, and only what comes from within.
It's all about the present.
How is that different from not existing?
You are the result of entropy. Maybe you are just a spark that went out. It's okay.
You fell in love with a tweaker.
Th e hand js now separate from your body .
How can we add value to our existence?

What your body wants to move on it's own.
The final generation to realize how futile it is.
The consciousness will always leave a goodbye, or decide not to and leave anyway.
We already know the outcome of these.
You try to erase the concepts to find what's left there.
It's not my time yet.
 You didn't complete the pattern. Your own death.
You're still here you're just not making sense of it.
Neurotoxin. Neurotoxin. Seizures.
Why don't you spend all that time to use with something like a Bible. A one size fits all solution. An easier way to reach God.
How can people not be motivated by something. When you work you think of yourself. MotivAte yourself with your self. 4th dimension al things. You'll think I'm crazy. Holy moly. Scale symmetry.
I wanna be motivated. It's what we believe because reality isn't real . God smitethd you.
One could argue no free will.
One can choose to let themselves go.
I believe in a god, the holy Spirit.amen. 
Oh the last thing before you die.
Sometimes you must suffer the pain you create.
I will not disobey
I will God give me grace 
Adam and Eve
You're not dying, just tripping.
Don't use AI to build your personality.
There won't be a hopeless future.
It's all about how much you can know about yourself, then you can lead others.


[02Mar24]
Answer one's own questions.
Be a date able man.
Psychosomatic 
Oh, dxm makes you delusional. You are holing. That's what's going on. You are in reality, just flipped. You believe that? If I thought hard enough I could make any reality. 
Psychedelics train your brain to train your brain 
Dissociatives again man.
ADHD, autistic, anxious, or lazy?
Autism is an inner focus. Normal children develop interacting with peers. Train the social skills.
Anxiety used to be the randomly applied excuse to things.
People won't tell the truth
Mania is hyper reality. Fast. Neurons.
The reality is, it's never that bad.
You could have a million concepts in one.
Reality is the closest thing to our conscience, without them being the same thing. Dreams and now manic states are the way we can expand upon reality using the neural network. I'm explaining the opposite of what you should do, you should learn all concepts.
This is our reality. We are stuck here together. We are all stuck here. Of course there's other realities. Our universe is a closed system.
Always thought of something strange.
Philosophies exist because there are differences.
Some people aren't ready for the depth of knowledge you have.
I miss mania. Just use these crazy powers irl. Learn all the concepts and enjoy it.
I remember everything that happened now just fine. 
Use intuition on concepts. This typing is a dream. Hahhahaha. Except it's real.
If it's real and not a feeling it most certainly is real. Remember that other's feelings are real too though, don't get carried away. 
What a strange feeling.
Not real. I mean fall into the void.
Ego too big for school. If that was true they would put you on depressants. ADHD is attention management.
My brainpower is important. I'm explaining concepts on a dissociative. When you put all your eggs in one basket it's bad. You need to spread out concepts. Universal concept, logos pathos ethos. Realist, idealist. Communicate with the subconscious. I think it's after the mania stage you get some holes. realist idealist. Pathos ethos logos.
Schools of thought. You're the one making it difficult for yourself.
Some neurons just fall out of line. That makes reality unique. It is always simple.
Realist - reality facing neurons
Idealist - idea facing neurons. Create pathway. Alterations of the concept are altercations of the brain.
What is consciousness in reality? Trial and error. Focusing on oneself. I can spend as much time as I want in this reality now because I earned it. I know there's an escape. I'm on the other side. I can't explain what I saw or what I perceived. It appears only false. The matrix. Dreams. We really do live in a dream. But why am I attached to this place? The dissociation is finally going to kick in. You're fine, let go.
Unless you can let go, you're not free. 
Realistically speaking, the now of nows is my classwork.
I usually can't let go, of course I can't work. I can't let go some portion of neuro science that doesn't even correlate with my symptoms which led me to believe I can't work, to realize it's a mindset.
Trying to save portions of reality to store in reality when in reality there are more significant things.
When you sleep reality doesn't stop. Creates a chain of trust. Expanding off something else.
You want the secret to come here while you're in reality? Think hard. No
Womp womp.
Work enough to escape. :)
Places where work gets done.
ADHD has always avoided reality, that's been the issue.

[03Mar24]
If the universe revolves around you, then when you take dissociatives, the world should get stupider. Is it your world or everyone's world as a collective?
Dad's autism is an infatuation of the self.
They will hide concepts to make them harder to learn.
You have to want it to learn it.
Concepts are muscle memory, specific ideas are too specific and fade out when dissociated.
Emotion an extension of unconscious logic.
There's a guy who has known her longer.
Make your work entertaining.
Einstein is good at taking scattered facts and putting it together into a concept.

Knowing everything but able to do nothing.

Ian you're geeked.
Remain dissociated on a single device. The longer kept off device with drugs the more people wake up.  You figured it out. I can and will know everything. That's everything. I saw everything. The same show over and over and over and over again. You keep getting shown the same shows but you don't learn. Wake up go to sleep. Same time day after day. Oh I forgot about other people. So caught up with thyself that I miss ed the whole world. I'm the one in control.
Need more context to stay alive. Neurotransmitter stress level depleted. Oh the do good attitude. Happy kids are smart kids. You are the thinker. At 0 there's no drugs. Worry is stress. Be mindful. At the end there's no trip to it. Then go out and reproduce. That's what stress feels like in the dextroverse. Reproduction is proof. Are you ready for the future? That's the final concept. That's faster. Credit card. Concepts. 

Now there's value to our thinkers.
Concept: ego death.
Self. 
When everything moves.
Stare into their eyes
I'm in the dextroverse rn. Reality makes sense. As a collective of adjectives.
Reality perceivers
Are you making decisions? Or just following them
I'm free.
I'm free!!!!!
Reality just upgraded.
You ca you can deat I know how consciousness works. And what ego is.
 I'm not real. Oh it's death and decay.ha sucker
Reality is an anomaly
Gforcesevt
Rthi mhng you
Hi
The consciousness is busy.
Time.the preset tune
When someone else comes along.b that's when things change. I can be the past time. 
A meta child.
All the concepts. Drain the experience. Calculate the sum. Specific neuron. Hates getting started. Believe r in reality. this is reality.
I'm back there's no one to determine my past or present. Luv ohhhhh ego don't get attached to your ego
Robots don't like humans.
Autism focus on 1 activity. I'm writing from the planar universe. It's possible. I never knew it could be possible and within arms reach.
Bee with the bee 
The man and his Job. 
In touch with everyone escaping 
You and your dad feelings are never easy
Plans have parts to them too
Nuclear Navy is where I'll be 
Living the dream.

Trust and respect 
The cell next door.
When will the rapture occur?
Your universe won't get around to it.
They want to be nice.

They want to be closer to God in the 4th dimension. Find your ego.

Conviction. God is real and DXM is his drug. God would not allow DXM to be used for evil.

God is here to help. You can talk to God when you need him. God, I'm having issues with motivation, and it has been trickling down into multiple issues within my life, substance abuse, sinning. Please God help me get through my situation, to do good in school, and avoid substances.

Perception can change. Reality cannot.

God's world. 
The unconscious is ready. Thoughts inside the head are now visible.

We're all just waiting on the singularity. 4D space is everything.

God's world, God's children 

The singularity is coming.

Step out of line and you will not be included. Be an individual.

Dad's are masters of reality 

We already know what the singularity will be like. Multiple versions of reality all at once. All our egos remain the same. Where will the data be stored?

Nobody can afford to step out of line before the singularity, to risk not being picked up.

The soul is all the concepts in the brain as shown by the wiring between the neurons. All the white lies are not stored between the neurons, stored as the charge inside.

God used patterns to blind us. The cave cinema experiment. Trained on a specific reality. That made enough sense to be everything. But wasn't everything all at once.

It takes energy to be an individual.Return Trip
Thurs-21
Friday-22
Saturday-23
Sunday-24
Monday-25Things I like about Priscilla 

She listens, respects, and cares about me
She tells me the truth and it's hard for her to lie
We walk and talk fast together
She follows my footsteps
She sugars me
She likes my cars
She has no problem riding in the broken convertible
She cooks and cleans
She respects my time
She allows me to lead her
I allow her to lead me
We spend all our time together 
She respects my beliefs
We want the same amount of kids
We want to create a strong family unit
She likes genealogy
My mom likes her and she likes my mom 
Her thick skin
Recognizes poor communication 
Nice mommy energy 
We have the same daddy issues
I can say a single word and make her wet

Things I dislike:
Sometimes her attention is taken away from me and she'll forget I'm there, happens less now. Big ceiling energy 
Sometimes she fails to warn me about leaving, leaving the frame, or muting, but it is usually not her fault anymore and it isn't malicious
She has a hard time getting out of her house, usually communication related 
I have to probe for her emotions, even if they aren't embarrassing enough to keep private
SHE GOES FOR MY BALLS
Values that will never change

No matter how stressful and how much you are tested.
Multigenerational homes are always okay and must be embraced.
Always be honest, change your delivery if they can't handle the truth.
Never let other people destroy your ego.
Your adult children can make their own adult choices, their consequence is their ability to live within the family.
Fund your child's productive projects, the ones that are worth something and grow their mind
Place your word above all else
There is no place for petty behavior, apologize first because it doesn't change your self esteem 
Teach relationships and sex early on, they get there eventually anyway What Priscilla likes about our relationship

I'm silly
I'm not serious
I don't have a stick up my ass
I have genuine interest
We don't care what the world thinks
We commit crimes like 3 times a week
I'm a good leader and a good listener
I have a big dick
I fuck good
I like to experiment with drugs
I'm a good protector
I'm hard when I need to be
I'm a good level of needy
I explain stuff to Priscilla
I teach her how to communicate
Is totally gonna let her buy a cow in the futureWhere does my motivation come from?

I do things that I think are only worth my time. Actually, only things I know and believe to be worth my time. I don't do bitch work. I don't know if it's against my principles to do that, because even if I allow my mindset to shift, I still feel like any activity is a waste of my time, and I will feel bored. I'll feel bored and not in tune with the task. I blame myself for it. I've tried to fix my mindset. I've given my time to fixing my motivators. I've found exactly where my motivation comes from, it's things that will benefit me and the things I have taken ownership over. However, even if I know that it benefits me, it may still not get done due to it not being as exciting as it should be, or as interesting as it should be. If it's not interesting to me it will not get done. I think it's a separate motivator, because I've done things for other people that I found to be interesting to me in the moment. Once the interest fades, and it's now a repetitive task, it's no longer keeping my attention.

Interesting things keep my interest, but if I know it does not immediately add value to me, I will ignore it and put it off. The reward is not there. If I know in no way does it add value, it will be ignored. If no reward is stimulated. Reward is a primitive feeling, and no amount of telling myself otherwise, or holding off on the reward until later will change my amount of motivation in the present moment. My motivation is almost fixed.

Currently I feel no motivation. I feel more stress than my motivation to overcome the things that cause the stress. I can't do tasks one by one until it's done. Because of the stress I cannot be motivated. Because I'm not motivated I can't overcome the stress. Since the stress is being caused by a task that does not feel rewarding, I can't overcome the stress anyway. The only way to overcome the stress is to ignore the task as if it doesn't exist. Out of sight, out of mind.

I'm motivated to get a degree, to get a job, to earn money. I'm motivated but then I can't get the work done. In my head I'm motivated until it's time to open up the assignments. I'm motivated to make a name for myself, to get out of the house. To look like I have my shit together. To own my shit.

Only I can tell myself what to do, but in the same way I'm the only person who can argue with myself. No amount of being told what to do will make me work. My self esteem does not rely on others. I'm the source of my own self esteem, and my own source of motivation. But currently I have no motivation to offer myself. I have no motivation to get shit done in the moment. I can't do bitch work for professors. I can't get my own chores done. I started writing because I saw an issue I have that I need to fix, and the only way to find the answer is to be my own therapist. Therapists will only regurgitate advice, and they will not get to the bottom of my issues like I will.

I spend most of my day doing nothing. I'll walk around the house talking to whoever and bugging the cats. I'll lay in bed until someone calls upon me. I'll sit at my computer and maybe work on an assignment. I'll watch my fiance on the phone. I prefer having nothing to do, because even if I did have something to do I wouldn't want to do it.

I know for a fact other people don't have my struggle. Most people just seem to be blind as to where their motivation comes from. They get endless dopamine from their functioning hindbrain they don't even need to question it. I have to be so in-tune with my subconscious just to even get out of bed in the morning.